Import RefArch Arch-Docs (#940)
it-at-m/refarch: docs/architecture/infrastructure.md

# Infrastructure

RefArch applications are intended to run in a container-based environment. Each deployable unit is packaged as its own container image and operated as an independent service.

## Container platform

The platform is responsible for:

- running the desired number of service instances
- routing traffic to healthy instances
- enabling scaling of individual components
- providing stable service discovery inside the cluster

Container-based runtime topology:

![Container-based runtime topology](./assets/Anwendung_Infrastruktur_Container.png)

This setup allows services to communicate through stable internal addresses while the platform manages the actual container instances behind those addresses.

## Deployment and configuration

> Deployment descriptors and runtime configuration should be treated as code and versioned alongside the application. This allows repeatable rollouts and consistent promotion across environments.

Reviewer: Maybe add "IaC" or "Immutable infrastructure?"

> Deployment descriptors and runtime configuration should be treated as code and versioned alongside the application. (Infrastructure as Code - IaC) This allows repeatable rollouts and consistent promotion across environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deployment descriptors and runtime configuration should be treated as code and versioned alongside the application (Infrastructure as Code - IaC). This allows repeatable rollouts and consistent promotion across environments.
```

> ## Session resilience for multiple gateway instances

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Session synchronization for multiple gateway instances
```

If gateway instances are scaled horizontally, session information can be synchronized across instances so that a planned instance replacement does not invalidate active sessions.

Session synchronization with Hazelcast:

![Session synchronization with Hazelcast](./assets/Spring_Session_mit_Hazelcast.png)

> The concrete RefArch gateway support for this setup is documented in the [API Gateway](../gateway.md#hazelcast) page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The specific RefArch gateway support for this setup is documented in the [API Gateway](../gateway.md#hazelcast) page.
```

## Search as an optional capability

> Applications with full-text, fuzzy, geo or analytics-oriented search requirements typically use a dedicated search service instead of pushing those use cases into the transactional database. The historic RefArch documentation used Elasticsearch as an example of such a specialized search component.

Reviewer: Is the last sentence really relevant? Maybe do

```suggestion
Applications with full-text, fuzzy, geo or analytics-oriented search requirements typically use a dedicated search service (e.g. Elasticsearch) instead of pushing those use cases into the transactional database.
```
